While at college I had the opportunity to take part in a nationwide competition for engineering; Industrial Cadets Gold. I talked to Leonardo engineers about what is involved in engineering, specifically electronic engineering. This opened my eyes to how engineers use EDA software and hardware to create and manufacture new technologies. I was also allowed a tour of their on-site FAB plant which was manufacturing long-distance infrared sensors, which inspired me to look into some of the technology that goes into creating chiplets as well as wafers that will undergo photolithography and anisotropic etching. Through my research on semiconductor manufacture, I came across the Encyclopedia of Microfluidics and Nanofluidics, which had an insightful passage about how photolithography is not only useful in the semiconductor FAB but also in the biomedical field when it comes to creating biosensors. Due to its nanoscale it is also well suited to drug delivery systems; for me, this is what makes engineering worthwhile. The fact that one application of a process can be applied to another in a completely separate field and result in other beneficial solutions improving the lives of many. I have always had an interest in electronics. Over the summer, I researched types of control systems with the aim of starting a project. Whilst visiting the University of Bath, I had the chance to talk to a lecturer about a control systems project involving following a wire which had a magnetic field induced in it. This motivated me to pursue a similar project where I decided to create a closed-loop driven robot to map a room using a bi-directional motor drive and an ultrasonic distance sensor. My research at the University of Southampton's Library was very useful in helping me understand the nature of closed-loop control systems. My system successfully enabled me to map a room of my house. I feel I now have a better appreciation of the ingenuity that goes into these types of systems. Whilst developing the software I discovered that you could have a negative feedback loop in the form of interference caused by the motors being undamped. My solution was to drive the motors in reverse briefly to dampen the response which also had the added benefit of increased responsiveness. Encouraged by this project I looked into an application of a closed loop system and I came across the modern diabetic insulin pump. Previously insulin was handled with a manual glucose monitor which led to large inconsistencies. The solution to this was to constantly monitor the blood glucose levels and gradually administer the insulin to achieve a better balance, allowing people to sleep through a full night and lead a healthier life. Basic Electronics for Scientists and Engineers is an enlightening book which starts at the basics of Ohm's Law and leads to the application of complex numbers and how a single resistor and capacitor can be used to form an integrator or differentiator circuit. I found this intriguing since studying Further Maths I was able to comprehend most of the basic principles. Discovering how conventional analysis of DC circuits can be uncomplicated, unless the source is AC whereby the analysis becomes complex, was insightful. Using complex numbers is helpful since the calculation of inductance and capacitance can be made simpler using the period of the AC signal. I realised that two areas of study which are not intrinsically linked may still have a beneficial connection. This led me to research further areas which could overlap with engineering. I found the use of machine learning has an application when used to design circuit boards for modern computers and machines. Revolutionary programs make use of AI to reorganise traces, this saves on material and subsequently saves on fabrication time and costs. How these different areas interact taught me how we can take inspiration from different fields to come up with new and exciting methods to solve impossible problems.

